time of day dear lovers
sun berries and vines
but also on one of the most important issues
For growers this when open
It’s hard to call a certain date
discovery of grapes
depends on some factors one of
Smoking is the major ways and
features of the pachino climate zone
which is your vineyard if
you harbor grapes with earth
how to do one of these simple
ways
the link will be at the end of the video abstract
You can click to see something of course
it is necessary to open early here as soon
average daily temperature
will reach 10 about 10 degrees already possible
work in the vineyard can be opened
bushes well if of course yours you know what
your grape is in the area where
no high probability returnable
spring frosts if the sooner you
will open
Of course vegetation a little earlier
start but still do n't think that
as soon as you discovered you will start right away
grow shoots while in the main zone
root locations temperature not
will reach 10
about 10 degrees sap flow will begin
victory will not sprout well of course
If you cover it with a film, it's easier
fathers raised he aired and even know
he opens a familiar grape not
vineyard located below
there often in the spring there are frosts even in
May and he opens the grapes already
covered with a film as it turns out
she is such a steel color
and it opens when it starts to grow
victory immediately tied up and holds
green operations on them like that he doesn't
He risks in the lowland grapes like me
talked and participated reverse frosts
here is this way shelter wakes up
covered with bags of such
polypropylene sweat soil apparatus
eyes and began to drink so as
more likely she will kick it out
if the heat will be more rains go
why fighter from the frost if you are sure
that in your region will not be until -10
you can already open here you can work
pretty soil dry temperature yesterday
it was already up to 15 degrees we are also a little bit
back but still very much
we processed made sincere schyu
processing
what and how can you some do it
restore them to do the processing to
eyes less quality
preserved with such a decomposition that this
the way is pretty though laborious
but, no less reliably, does it cover such
way who is not difficult to put likes
share in the comments will write me
very nice
discovering quite easily this soil is slightly
bends like here with us
bags are covered with soil and then
takes the edge of the bear
called the vine we get already
will you be seen here after you
opened take took the studs when was
what was la eagle owl tomorrow
let it be you will rise to spread
says the wings do not immediately tie up and
since now the eyes are very brittle
especially in places where annual
Escape from two years old
fragile can crack and then be
you have a much smaller crop
sap flow is no longer so
let her have such a condition
can sincere and make processing
then do a dry garter when
already it will sap flow is not a pub
how about high motion then vine
becomes flexible and plastic and you can
and
the wife he has such of advice from
it's time to open us
Whether in your speaking I do not know write
comments
good luck to all and stable yields and will
write questions to the comments